README.md, before:

# Welcome to ucom-html-1 👋

![Maintenance](https://img.shields.io/maintenance/yes/2023)
![Documentation](https://img.shields.io/badge/Documentation-Partial-gold)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Domenic-MZS/ucom-html-1)

This repo represents the `Exercise 2` from the Systems Analysis degree of the UCOM University HTML5 & CSS Introduction! Feel free to fork it (for any reason xD) and play with it.

This project has design & functionality limitations by the Exercise itself...


### ✨ Demo (WIP)
Not available yet but Project `Mockup` is attached 4 now. `(Click to expand)`

<img src="images/project-mockup.png" alt="Project-mockup" width="690" height="500"/>

##  Prerequisites
 - Docker 24.x

##  Getting Started - Development Server
To serve the project on port 3000 run:
```bash
  make build run
```

Clean Steps:
```bash
  make clean 
```

Start a terminal:
```bash 
  make terminal
```

Clean start with:
```bash
  make clean build run
```

## Author

👤 **Domenic-MZS <domenicoenriquemeza20014@gmail.com>**

- Github: [@Domenic-MZS](https://github.com/Domenic-MZS)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/Domenic-MZS/ucom-html-1/issues). 
For the time being there's no request TEMPLATES nor GUIDELINES, so feel free to make the first step and say hello!

## Acknowledgment
Some cool stuff... Go give them some love !
 - [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)
 - [nginx](https://www.nginx.com/)
 - [Make](https://makefile.site/)
 - [UCOM](https://ucom.edu.py/)
 - [Shields.io](https://shields.io)

---

Commit message:

feat(docs): add demo page

README.md, after:

# Welcome to ucom-html-1 👋

![Maintenance](https://img.shields.io/maintenance/yes/2023)
![Documentation](https://img.shields.io/badge/Documentation-Partial-gold)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Domenic-MZS/ucom-html-1)

This repo represents the `Exercise 2` from the Systems Analysis degree of the UCOM University HTML5 & CSS Introduction! Feel free to fork it (for any reason xD) and play with it.

There are some caveats and enhancements to be done, but this was built ASAP...
Plus this project has design/functionality limitations by the Exercise itself...


### ✨ Demo 

Wanna try? Here's the [demo page](https://domenic-mzs.github.io/ucom-html-1/src)... !!

| NOTE: It's available for Mobile Devices only (for now), there's no plan for Future responsiveness tho... 
|     
| - BTW a full prototype can be seen [here](images/project-mockup.png).

##  Prerequisites
 - Docker 24.x

##  Getting Started - Development Server
To serve the project on port 3000 run:
```bash
  make build run
```

Clean Steps:
```bash
  make clean 
```

Start a terminal:
```bash 
  make terminal
```

Clean start with:
```bash
  make clean build run
```

## Author

👤 **Domenic-MZS <domenicoenriquemeza20014@gmail.com>**

- Github: [@Domenic-MZS](https://github.com/Domenic-MZS)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/Domenic-MZS/ucom-html-1/issues). 
For the time being there's no request TEMPLATES nor GUIDELINES, so feel free to make the first step and say hello!

## Acknowledgment
Some cool stuff... Go give them some love !
 - [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)
 - [nginx](https://www.nginx.com/)
 - [Make](https://makefile.site/)
 - [UCOM](https://ucom.edu.py/)
 - [Shields.io](https://shields.io)

---
